i  want to take this back for a second just reiterate that am not suggesting that the
causes  or trees
i'm  not saying that i've talked about that before that is not
curious  where your intentions fly it really comes to
he  did care to interfere with your emotional psychological and social well being you might
have  an issue
this  is why even though i see environmental animal welfare and health as
a  plan based
cannot  and will not ever
did
saying  would go for things like a candied or pale were in a written fasting or
whatever
even  though it may be well intentioned and grounded in well ness i
know  that having to follow a
ricker  my fortress
he  would trick with trick would trigger my or
in  these and leave me back down a finger
he
an
he  pretentious
the
he
i  also believe that a lot of the benefits for the environment animal well fair
and  pure health can actually be a
by
more  plan based products
animal  products in more modest
and
oenothera
he
a  great
twice
i
one
he
the  poisoner example if we just thought
of  meat more like a side dish rather than always being the main event or more kind
of  like a garnish for example
coleman
probably  when half to relive so heavily on factory farming
he
secession
the
he
i  sate
i
teetotalers
i  also get that a lot of hope
diet  will claim that you know this is not just about our health it's about the health
and  well being of the animals and i totally understand that i get the
however  this
in  values
i  feel that i need to value and prioritize
health  and
over  that of the animals of
he  had that